[0s - 45s]: so a bunch of you keep asking me how this reels editing engine actually works, I keep trying to explain it in my DMs, and it finally clicked for me that I should stop trying to tell you and just actually show you. So come edit a reel with me in Claude. Before we jump into this editor, I need to show you the before clip, which I'm honestly dreading because you're gonna see how bad I am at filming. But you know what? We gotta do it. I

[45s - 90s]: have zero time to edit reels, so I don't anymore. I taught Claude how to edit them for me I film, drop the footage onto my computer, tell it exactly what I want, just like I were talking to a friend, no crazy prompts, no coding. Then it hands me a reel I could post or a version in CapCut so I could tweak whatever I want, however I'm feeling that day. Then it hands me a version I could post, or if I want, a version I could tweak in CapCut, whatever I want. Then it hands me a reel... Okay, you get it. I repeat that line, like, 17 times. It's not great. that's the point, right? So to edit this reel with Claude, all I'm going to do is tell Claude that I have a new reel for it to edit. So I'm gonna

[90s - 135s]: come in here into Claude Code, and boom. So what's gonna happen now is Claude is going to find the footage. And generate a transcript based on everything I said. Then it's going to develop a rough cut. Basically a first pass at an edit where it is going to select all the best parts of my clip. It's gonna identify that based on my expression, my tone of voice, different things that I have instructed it on the longer your clip, the longer it's gonna take. What I am going to do is I'm gonna start a timer, and you're gonna be able to see exactly how long this actually takes. The point of this editing engine for me is not that it's instant. There are plenty of apps that do that very thing. But in my experience, that

[135s - 180s]: templated video looks like a template, and there's no way to customize your brand to actually speak to an AI editor and tell it exactly what you want, what fonts, what colors, what sound effects, what your style, your tone is. This is genuinely what it would be like if you were a director telling an editor what you want. and so Claude still has to work, and it's still gonna take time, but it's not gonna take your time. Okay, I am back and that took four minutes and 39 seconds, and that clip was one minute and 48 seconds long. Before I let you guys see this whole thing, I came up with this script, out of thin air, so, like, it's not good, but I don't care. The point isn't to blow

[180s - 226s]: you away with my scripting skills. It's just to show you this video editing engine, so please don't judge me. I have zero time to edit reels, so I don't anymore. I taught Claude how to edit them for me. I film, drop the footage onto my computer, tell it exactly what I want, just like I were talking to a friend, no crazy prompts, no coding. Then it hands me a reel I could post, or if I rather, it'll give me a cap cut version I could still tweak, just to add that ten percent of personal creative touch, which I love. I'm the director. Claude's now my editor. Built this system myself during nap time, and now I want to share it with you. Meet the Reels Editing Engine, built by a busy mom for other

[226s - 271s]: busy moms because we got a lot of stuff to say and not a lot of time to edit. Oh my God. That is so dumb. Okay, whatever. It did a great job. there are a couple of things that I would like to tweak, and now this part I am really pumped to show you because I love this feature. I built an interactive widget. And let me just give you a quick rundown. You'll see each line delivered here. They're labeled. You will also see how long it took me to deliver each line, which I like this personally because I know, is it taking me a long time to get my point across? May I lose the viewer at this moment? And then you will see that there are actual clickable buttons here. So they have an attachment icon. If you click this, you can give Claude something that you would like it to reference

[271s - 316s]: in your video at this time. You also don't have to give Claude all of your assets that you would like displayed at this moment. You can do that later. This is the notes icon. I use this one all the time because there are just things that I specifically want to talk about line by line that helps me keep all of my thoughts from being all jumbled up so that way I can be super direct with Claude without having to engineer any kind of crazy prompting because I don't have time for that. And then this trash can is pretty self-explanatory. You can click it and it will delete a line for you. There's, like,, this part that was so cringe where I'm like Which I love. Why did I say that? I'm just gonna delete that. Okay, so I'm, I would literally just copy that and I'll say delete this and then, paste that

[316s - 361s]: part. So whenever you actually do send in the edits, it takes all of the information from that widget and it drops it in the chat box for you in a very organized way so Claude gets the information in the way that it makes sense to Claude Okay, so it just ran again, and that run took two minutes and 30 seconds. So each time it gets faster and faster, let's listen to the part that I just edited, and I'm not gonna make you sit through that again because that was very cringe. Then it hands me a reel I could post, or if I rather it'll give me a CapCut version I could still tweak. I'm the director. Claude's now my editor. Built this system... Okay. It's gone. It's fixed. And I think this looks great, so I'm gonna tell Claude that we are good to move on This next part is the most fun. This is the style plan. So in

[361s - 406s]: the setup of this engine, Claude is gonna get to know you. I built an entire brand home base where it interviews you and specifically is gonna understand your style, and generally how you like to film and build content. And so when it gives you a style plan, it's gonna be based on that format. So it knows me pretty well, and quite honestly, there is not much I'd actually change in here. But for the sake of the video, I'm going to instruct it to make a couple of changes. So it's saying a hook card, I'm gonna go ahead and change that. I have an idea for there. And then Oh, a custom animation window. So this is actually insane. This engine has opened up opportunities for me to earn money because I am able to

[406s - 451s]: create reels for brand partnerships and I can show these custom animations of product demos on the reel without having to build anything myself. You're gonna get to witness that here, but it's crazy. Also, all of the animations on my site that promotes this reels editing engine, it built those. So this is wild. You get a lot with this. I usually just click this microphone button and I talk to it. There's no crazy prompting happening I think the majority of this plan looks pretty good. I would like to do some of my own captions in CapCut, but I do want you to go ahead and build out some animations for me. I like the plan exactly as you have it, except

[451s - 497s]: for beat one. On beat one, let's just make "I have zero time" a full-screen takeover. and if you feel that "to edit reels" would also look good as a full-screen takeover, that could be a second one. So it could be, "I have zero time" top to bottom, and then "to edit reels" top to bottom. but the rest of this plan is spot on with my brand home base. So let's go ahead and build it. And if you're wondering what I was talking about when I just said full-screen takeover, I built out a... it's super cool. An entire effects library of everything that this engine can do, and one of my favorite effects is called a full-screen takeover, but I literally made it up, okay? And you'll be able to do that too. You can teach this engine what you like and just give it a name and say, "Okay,

[497s - 542s]: store that as this effect." And then the next time you run a reel, it will build that for you. So a full-screen takeover, if you go to any of the reels on my page, you're just gonna see it everywhere. But it's basically just whenever the text takes over the full screen. I'm not that creative with my naming, but you get the idea. Anyways, okay, I'm gonna let this do its thing. I'm gonna go do the dishes, and then I'll be back it's been 16 minutes. So that's a good chunk of time., But we're doing a lot here, right? We're building custom animations. We have multiple type treatments that are going on. But like I mentioned before, every pass after this where we make tweaks, it's gonna go faster and faster. Now, if you scrap this edit and you're like, "Actually, you know what? Never mind. I don't like any of these effects. That's basically a rebuild.

[542s - 587s]: So take that with a grain of salt. But if you go in with a plan, which is why I built in that style plan you hopefully are just tweaking things anyways, let's watch this thing I have zero time to edit reels, so I don't anymore. I taught Claude how to edit them for me. I film, drop the footage onto my computer, tell it exactly what I want, just like I were talking to a friend, no crazy prompts, no coding, then it hands me a reel I could post, or if I rather, it'll give me a CapCut version I could still tweak. I'm the director. Claude's now my editor. Built this system myself during nap time, and now I wanna share it with you. Meet the Reels Editing Engine, built by a busy mom for other busy moms because we got a lot of stuff

[587s - 632s]: to say and not a lot of time to edit. Sick. Okay. Very happy with that. And so what I usually do now and again, this is true to my workflow, I'm just straight up showing you exactly how I'm using this Reels Editing Engine so you know what I'm doing to get the results that I get. So I just created a compound clip. I always do that before I run captions in CapCut. Now again, this is a pro feature. This engine doesn't need pro to run, but I have pro, so I'm gonna use a pro feature. If you want, Claude can do all of your captions. You just saw it do multiple types of captions. I like to mix it up. And then I'll come in here. I will grab a Word font, so that's great. For this, let's go ahead and do Inter as the font. I like to pull

[632s - 677s]: in my tracking a little bit. I think it makes it look a little bit classier. Oh, the other thing. So I told you Claude could do editable text in CapCut. There's proof it can do editable text. I'm gonna actually shrink this down a little bit. Obviously, there are moments whenever I have it doing captions, so I don't need captions, so I'm just gonna delete these. Boom. It can actually design you a custom music bed. You can, like, tell it a vibe or a mood, and it will give you a few tracks, and it will let you audition them. And then it will AI generate a custom background track for you. I'm just gonna go back into Claude and say, "Do a final pass and be my sound designer," and I'll show you those results okay. The final version is in. Let's give it a watch I have zero

[677s - 722s]: time to edit reels, so I don't anymore. I taught Claude how to edit them for me. I film, drop the footage onto my computer, tell it exactly what I want, just like I were talking to a friend. No crazy prompts, no coding. Then it hands me a reel I can post, or if I rather, it'll give me a CapCut version I can still tweak. I'm the director. Claude's now my editor. Built this system myself during nap time, and now I wanna share it with you. Meet the Reels Editing Engine, built by a busy mom for other busy moms because we got a lot of stuff to say and not a lot of time to edit. no complaints. That's pretty cool. I love this Reels Editing Engine, clearly. Okay, so hopefully you have a good idea of what the Reels Editing

[722s - 768s]: Engine actually is, but truly, there is no possible way I could even make a demo that shows all of its capabilities. It is insane. With that being said, there are questions that I know that you have, and I wanna be honest about everything, and that is, I am a mom, okay? I'm not a developer. I'm a mom. I built this for me. This was my tool, and people started getting super hyped up about this, and so now here I am with a tool on my hands that other people want, and I'm not a developer. Please know that going into this. I am going to build this in the most excellent way that I physically can but I'm not a developer. That being said, I'm pricing this in a way that you will get your money's worth the first time you use it. I know how much it costs to hire

[768s - 813s]: a freelance editor and a freelance animator. This will pay for itself the first time you use it. Other thing is I'm using this daily, okay? This knows me very well. So out of the box, you will have a good chunk of setup. It will take about 40 minutes of setup, But I'm gonna walk you through that build, and it's kind of fun Because what I've installed in this is a brand home base, and it's actually gonna make Claude sound like you. You're gonna be able to grab links off of Instagram, paste them into Claude, and it's gonna be able to watch reels, look at content, and tutor you on what actually is working and why it's working. So you're not just gonna be imitating content, regurgitating all of this AI slop. You're gonna be learning and growing

[813s - 858s]: on what actually makes content perform. That's just a bonus. There's tons of bonuses in here. It's just gonna be a great time, okay? The other thing, I built this on my Mac computer. This is built for Mac. Does it work on PC? Yes. I know it works on PC because I've had a few people beta test it for me in my community group. However, we do know it is a little bit more hands-on. But again, if you get the early access price, you lock in at that rate forever. And so when we update and it becomes more smooth, you're gonna get that version too. It's yours for the taking if you wanna have it, But please know that going into it The next question is this for everyone? No. If you don't even wanna use AI, please don't get this. I

[858s - 903s]: know I need to be, like, hyping this thing up and, like, convincing you to get it, but, um, I also am just, like, for you, and I want you to be happy with this product. If it's for you, you're gonna love it, and if it's not for you, I think it should be pretty clear by the end of this demo if you would or would not like this Do you need a paid Claude plan to buy this? Yes, you do. And the $20 a month plan should get you a good number of reels. I can't give you an exact number Because some people are gonna send in their prompts to Claude, and whatever it spits out, they're gonna love it, and so they're gonna get a lot. And then some people are gonna nitpick more and say, "You know what? Actually, let's restart. Let's redo this." You're gonna get less reels, okay? So that's just how it works. But I have built this as lean as it

[903s - 949s]: can possibly be, stripped out all of the unnecessary things and so it is optimized. Again, take that with a grain of salt because you know you and you know if you're gonna be making tons of changes or not. Oh, style packs. So if you have a custom brand, this can adapt to whatever brand you have. I have pre-built style packs for people who aren't interested in building out their own brand. And I will show you how to do that in the course. So don't worry, if you have a custom look, we're gonna get to that I've been using this, and I can't imagine having to manually edit all of my videos anymore. That just sounds so painful. So I guess the biggest thing that I would want you to know is that this tool is going to continue to get better and better because that's the way it was built. Out of the box, it's yours to set

[949s]: up. It's this fully assembled engine that I'm gonna walk you through how to build on your computer And then there's a little bit of a learning process, but you got this. I'm gonna hold your hand and by the end of it, you'll have taught Claude how to be your personal Reels editor